update: tweaks to autonat (#283)
libp2p/docs: content/concepts/nat/autonat.md

## Background

While the [identify protocol](/concepts/introduction/protocols/identify)
allows peers to inform each other about their observed network addresses,

> sometimes these addresses are unaccessible as the peer may be located in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sometimes these addresses are inaccessible as the peer may be located in a
```

> private neatwork (i.e., behind a NAT or a firewall).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private network (i.e., behind a NAT or a firewall).
```

{{< alert icon="" context="info">}}
Advertising addresses that are not reachable is detrimental for the health of a

> P2P network, as other nodes will unsuccessfully try to dial those addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
P2P network, as other nodes will unsuccessfully try to dial those addresses wasting compute and network resources.
```

{{< /alert >}}

> Nodes can use the AutoNAT protocol in libp2p to determine their network status and
> take appropriate action. For private nodes located behind a NAT, it is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this problem of advertising and dialing unreachable addresses, libp2p has implemented a protocol called AutoNAT, which allows nodes to determine whether or not they are behind a NAT.

For private nodes located behind a NAT, it is recommended:
```
Also is it recommended or required?

Author: strongly recommended

> Nodes can use the AutoNAT protocol in libp2p to determine their network status and
> take appropriate action. For private nodes located behind a NAT, it is recommended
> to:
> 
> - Not advertise private addresses
> - Get a reservation with a relay to improve connectivity to public networks
>   and advertise relay addresses instead.
> 
> For public nodes, it is suggested to:
> 
> - Start a relay to assist other nodes
> - Consider activating DHT server mode to improve connectivity to public
>   networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes can use the AutoNAT protocol in libp2p to determine their network status and
take appropriate action. For private nodes located behind a NAT, it is recommended
to:

- Not advertise private addresses
- Get a reservation with a relay to improve connectivity to public networks
  and advertise relay addresses instead.

For public nodes, it is suggested to:

- Start a relay to assist other nodes
- Consider activating DHT server mode to improve connectivity to public
  networks.
```
This section should be in `## What is AutoNAT?`

> {{< alert icon="" context="note">}}
> Application protocols may also adjust their behavior.
> [DHT](/concepts/introduction/protocols/dht) Server mode
> should only be activated for public nodes, not private nodes.
> {{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Why is this in the AutoNat section?

## What is AutoNAT?

> AutoNAT allows a node to request other peers to dial its presumed public addresses.

Reviewer: I suggest we add the above section down here.

## Background

> While the [identify protocol][spec_identify] lets peers inform each other about their observed network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [identify protocol][spec_identify] lets peers inform each other about their observed network
```

addresses, however, it is possible that some of these addresses are not accessible from outside the network,

> as the peer may be located in a private network that is behind a [NAT](overview.md) and therefore unreachable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as the peer may be located in a private network that (behind a NAT or a firewall).
```

Reviewer 2: Also add: Advertising addresses that are not reachable is detrimental for the health of a p2p network, as other nodes will unsuccessfully try to dial those addresses.

> To allow peers to determine their position on the network and act accordingly, libp2p has implemented a protocol
> called AutoNAT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow peers to determine their position on the network, libp2p uses a protocol
called AutoNAT.
```

## What is AutoNAT?

AutoNAT allows a node to request other peers to dial its presumed public addresses. If most of these dial
attempts are successful, the node can be reasonably ascertain that it is not behind a NAT. On the other hand,
if most of these dial attempts fail, it strongly indicates that a NAT is blocking incoming connections.

Nodes can then take appropriate action based on that information. For example, if a node determines that it
is behind a NAT, it may switch to DHT server mode or try to get a reservation with a relay in order to improve

> its connectivity to public networks.

Reviewer 2: Can we move this to the first section? Also, we should have a list of what happens here.
Private:
* don't advertise private addresses
* get a reservation with a relay (link to document), and advertise relay addresses
Public: 
* start a relay to help out other nodes

Then you can mention that application protocols can also adjust their behavior. DHT Server mode is activated for public nodes, not for private nodes (I think you got this mixed up).

Author: Updated

{{< alert icon="" context="">}}

> Currently, AutoNAT is not able to test individual addresses, but a proposal for AutoNAT v2 aims to

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, AutoNAT is not able to test individual addresses, but a [proposal](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/issues/503) for AutoNAT v2 aims to
```

> Currently, AutoNAT is not able to test individual addresses, but a proposal for [AutoNAT v2]() aims to

Author: @marten-seemann we can add a reference to the AutoNAT v2 proposal, was just unsure what to use.

Reviewer 2: It's here: https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/1480#issuecomment-1122844443

But it's not a proper proposal, nor is it in the specs repo, so maybe we shouldn't link to it?

Author: Sure, let's leave it out.

Author: @marten-seemann I see a [proposal](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/issues/503) was opened :) Let's add it.

> Currently, AutoNAT is not able to test individual addresses, but a proposal for [AutoNAT v2]() aims to

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, AutoNAT is not able to test individual addresses, but a proposal for AutoNAT v2 aims to
```
